cloud: Data Service supports pagination and cache (#14237)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/data-service-manage-endpoint.md

- **Request Method**: the HTTP method of the endpoint. The following methods are supported:

    - `GET`: use this method to query data, such as a `SELECT` statement.

>         For `GET` requests, you can paginate results by specifying `api_page` and `api_page_size` as query parameters when calling the endpoint, such as `https://<region>.data.tidbcloud.com/api/v1beta/app/<App ID>/endpoint/my_endpoint/get_id?api_page=<Page Number>&api_page_size=<Page Size>`. For more information, see [Call an endpoint](#call-an-endpoint).

Reviewer: Where is call-an-endpoint ?

Author: @AV25242 Here is the direct link to the "Call an end point" section: https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/data-service-manage-endpoint#call-an-endpoint

https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/d0d9e7e99e16afc73093c68fb78823ff422be588/tidb-cloud/data-service-manage-endpoint.md?plain=1#L179-L218

#### Advanced properties

- **Tag**: the tag used for identifying a group of endpoints.
- **Pagination**: this property is available only when the request method is `GET` and the last SQL statement of the endpoint is a `SELECT` operation. When **Pagination** is enabled, you can paginate the results by specifying `page` and `page_size` as query parameters when calling the endpoint, such as `https://<region>.data.tidbcloud.com/api/v1beta/app/<App ID>/endpoint/my_endpoint/get_id?page=<Page Number>&page_size=<Page Size>`. For more information, see [Call an endpoint](#call-an-endpoint).

    > **Note:**
    >
    > - If you do not include the `page` and `page_size` parameters in the request, the default behavior is to return the maximum number of rows specified in the **Max Rows** property on a single page.
    > - The `page_size` must be less than or equal to the **Max Rows** property. Otherwise, an error is returned.

- **Cache Response**: this property is available only when the request method is `GET`. When **Cache Response** is enabled, TiDB Cloud Data Service can cache the response returned by your `GET` requests within a specified time-to-live (TTL) period.

> - **Time-to-live**: this property is available only when **Cache Response** is enabled. You can use it to specify the time-to-live (TTL) period of cached response. During the TTL period, if you make the same `GET` requests again, Data Service returns the cached response directly instead of fetching data from the target database again, which improves your query performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Time-to-live**: this property is available only when **Cache Response** is enabled. You can use it to specify the time-to-live (TTL) period in seconds for cached response. During the TTL period, if you make the same `GET` requests again, Data Service returns the cached response directly instead of fetching data from the target database again, which improves your query performance.
```

5. Paste the code example in your application and run it.

    - You need to replace the `<Public Key>` and `<Private Key>` placeholders with your API key. For more information, refer to [Manage an API key](/tidb-cloud/data-service-api-key.md).
    - To paginate the results for a `GET` request, you can replace `<Page Number>` and `<Page Size>` with actual values. For example, to get the second page with 10 items per page, use `api_page=2` and `api_page_size=10`.

        > **Note:**
        >
        > - The pagination feature is available only for `GET` requests where the last query is a `SELECT` statement.

>         > - If you do not include the `api_page` and `api_page_size` parameters, the default behavior is to return the first page with the maximum number of rows specified in the **Max Rows** property.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        > - If you do not include the `api_page` and `api_page_size` parameters, the default behavior is to return the maximum number of rows specified in the **Max Rows** property on a single page.
```

>         > - If you do not include the `api_page` and `api_page_size` parameters, the default behavior is to return the maximum number of rows specified in the **Max Rows** property on a single page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        > - If you do not include the `api_page` and `api_page_size` parameters in the request, the default behavior is to return the maximum number of rows specified in the **Max Rows** property on a single page.
```

>         > - The `api_page * api_page_size` must be less than the **Max Rows** property. Otherwise, an error is returned.

Reviewer 3: api_page_size 只要小于等于max rows就行， api_page * api_page_size 可以超过 max rows

>         > - The `api_page * api_page_size` must be less than the **Max Rows** property. Otherwise, an error is returned.

Author: ```suggestion
        > - The `api_page_size` must be less than or equal to the **Max Rows** property. Otherwise, an error is returned.
```
@jusong PTAL

>         > - The `api_page_size` must be less than or equal to the **Max Rows** property. Otherwise, an error is returned.

Reviewer 2: 是否也需要小于 number of rows, 否则会报错

Author: @jusong PTAL
